You did it.
You've walked the path, and not
just the one that I laid out for
you, but the one that you carved
for yourself through the discomfort,
through the layers, through the noise.
You named the mask.
You acknowledged the cost.
You heard the call, and
you imagined your freedom.
You met the version of yourself
that already lives in alignment,
and now you've written the map.
Your authentic life blueprint
is no small thing, okay?
It was more than a workbook.
It's a declaration.
It's your return ticket to
yourself, to the life that fits
to the self that's always been
waiting for permission to lead.
And now that blueprint
is in your hands, right?
So now what?
Well.
Now you begin, you walk it, you live it.
You bring your fire, your love,
your honesty, your strength into
your relationships, into your work,
into your choices, into your voice.
Not perfectly, no, not always boldly,
but consistently, because you now
know what truth feels like in your
body, and you know when you're
betraying it, you have a compass.
Now you know what alignment looks like.
And when life pushes you off course
as it inevitably will, okay, you
don't have to spiral, you return.
That's what this course was always about.
Not perfection, but returning
again and again with love.
And that brings us to one final truth.
Okay?
This may feel like the end
of something, but it's not.
This is the beginning of everything.
From this moment on your life
is no longer an accident.
It's not a performance, right?
It's not a copy paste version of
what someone else said you should be.
It's yours.
I've got news for you.
That hero's journey, it never ends.
Okay?
You are an ever evolving,
ever blooming person.
This may be the first journey to
self-discovery that you've taken,
but it certainly won't be the last.
You may even realize that in
different parts of your life, you're
at different stages of the journey.
Becoming a mentor to someone who has
yet to find their authentic voice while
just beginning to hear the call to
adventure in your professional life.
This is your one big, beautiful life
and it's an incredible adventure.
So here's my invitation.
Live it like it matters
because it does and so do you.
Thank you so much for
walking this path with me.
I'm honored to have been your guide now.
Go live the life you were born to live
and we'll see each other again soon.